# TOPIC
Enhancing Data Security in Cloud using Blockchain

# GROUP MEMBERS
Dhananjay Yadav, Aditi Shinde, Akash Nair

# BRIEF DESCRIPTION

Daily lots of data is exchanged and loaded on cloud into different sectors one of which is health sector. Data exchanged between the patient and doctors need to be secured to gain patients trust. Blockchain is a mechanism invented to secure data in more advance way. Blockchain store data into chunks that make it hard to decode, which will help provide extra layer of security. Hash chain is the most reliable part of blockchain that will help keep the data unreadable. This data can be secured by using a blockchain mechanism at the backend of any hospital website to store the reports of the patients, and maintain a two-way authentication for doctor’s access to the reports. Using the concepts of dividing data into chunks and establishing an inter-link between each chunk is one of the aspects of blockchain which is implemented on the hospital generated data to inherit blockchain mechanism. In this paper we have discussed the benefits of using this mechanism to secure patients reports and how it increases trust on the stored data.

Despite using certain frameworks, we have implemented the idea through hard coding. Each report is divided into chunks and these chunks need to be secured in order to maintain integrity of data. Each of the chunks are encrypted through AES the key generation algorithm generates the public key (PK), master key (MK), secret key (SK) of user. There are K number of users in group sharing data. Master user is a owner of data. So, all the user can access and modify the shared data’s in cloud. TPA performs data integrity auditing for modified data of the user. Key Generation as the part of set up algorithm generates public keys (PK), master keys (MK) of the system and secret key (SK) of users. In our design each user will have their own secret key for data modification Key generation is a technique which is used to store the data in a different methodology and mainly the public key algorithm known as RSA plays a vital role in key generation technique such as single shared key uses symmetric key algorithm through which data will be stored very secretly Since the public key algorithm uses two keys namely public and a private key and that public key is made as visible to one end user so that they can use that public key to encrypt the data and another end user can decrypt the data using their private key. In some conditions they keys have been generated using Random Number Generator technique, and it is very efficient that hackers cannot easily guess the keys and provide a strong security. the major focus in our paper is about the healthcare data. Hospitals generate a large amount of confidential data and especially every healthcare center needs to maintain HIPAA rules. Here we are using blockchain mechanism to the data that’s been uploaded by the patients regarding their diseases and that data is then secured through blockchain mechanism. This security mechanism will be the backend processing of any hospital website, Recently, a few attempts started considering more realistic scenarios by allowing multiple cloud users to modify data with integrity assurance. Nevertheless, these attempts are still far from practical due to the tremendous computational cost on cloud users, especially when high error detection probability is required by the system. We used Amazon Cloud Storage service S3 for storing data divided into chunks in form of buckets
